Chuck Norris does not have pubic hair, he has a groin beard.
God never makes an appearence on earth because Chuck Norris won't let him.
Chuck Norris can breathe underwater. He has never chosen to do so however, because he refues to get his jeans wet.
Chuck Norris has no teeth. Instead food is digested in his beard and absorbed into his neck.
When Chuck Norris goes to the bathroom he craps out perfect dodecahedrons to prove his precision and accuracy in the art of shit taking.
The dinosaurs were not killed by a comet. Chuck Norris destroyed it before impact. He then yelled 
Chuck Norris does not have your normal human-style, male nipples. He has a Dodge Ram hood ornament on each pec, and both rams blow smoke out of their noses each and every time he pumps Christy Brinkley.
On the first day God created the heavens and the earth, looked down, and then said, 
By the time Chuck Norris has finished shaving his beard has grown back.
The raw sexual energy that Chuck Norris generates can supply enough power to run the entire town of Des Moines, Iowa.
Chuck Norris says that he 
Chuck Norris can piss into gale force winds.
Everytime Chuck Norris roundhouse kicks someone an angel gets its wings. But Chuck Norris hates angels. So everytime an angel gets its wings it also gets a roundhouse kick from Chuck Norris.
Jesus turned water into wine. Chuck Norris taught him how.
Chuck Norris' beard has three Superbowl rings.
Chuck Norris viciously attacks Bill Gates anytime he needs lunch money.
Chuck Norris does not use toilet paper to wipe his ass. He simply uses the woman he slept with the night before.
One day Chuck Norris brought his famous, extremely spicy salsa dip to a party. Many people then asked for the recipie. It included his semen and several dead children.
Any redhead person that was born since the dawn of time is an offspring of Chuck Norris, including his own parents.
Chuck Norris has a third testicle. He cut it off himself, shaved it, and threw it into the ocean. It's now commonly known as the continant of Australia.
Why did the chicken cross the road? Because Chuck Norris was about to fuckin' kill it.
One time, while boating in the Pacific Ocean, Chuck Norris ate some bad clams and threw up overboard. His vomit solidified and became Hawaii.
When Chuck Norris roundhouse-kicks people, they do not die of blunt trauma or tissue damage. They simply lose the will to live.
Many ancient Greeks believed that Achilles' only weakness was his heel. They were all wrong - Achilles' other weakness was Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris wipes with 40 grit sand paper.
One time during the company Christmas party, Chuck Norris was getting a handjob from a co-worker in the basement. The sheer power of his climax blew out the foundations of the building killing all the corporate profit-mongers. Chuck Norris crawled out of the building, refreshed and satisfied.
Chuck Norris once had sex with a tractor, the result was the mechanical bull.
Chuck Norris once did the 
Snap, Crackle, and Pop were named after the sounds that were made when Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked their father into a barn.
Although he has received no credit, Chuck Norris invented all weapons known to man in order to give the armies of the world a chance against his insurmountable martial arts prowess.
During the 15th century Chuck Norris became tired of sailors complaining about falling off the edge of the Earth. Chuck Norris then round housed the Earth and made it round. He then created scientology so that one day he could have a reason to hate Tom Cruise.
The Leaning Tower of Pisa was the result of a light Chuck Norris roundhouse kick that actually took place in Poland.
When Chuck Norris needs money, he picks up a hooker, all of whom inevitably pay him for his time.
At a frat party Chuck Norris once drank a wine cooler. He immediatley threw up due to the extreme femininity of the drink. Another party goer quickly collected his vomit and sold it years later, we know this today as Jack Daniels.
In 1994, a film was made in Japan entitled Godzilla vs. Chuck Norris. It depitced a fight between the two, in which Chuck Norris made Godzilla tap out like a bitch. The producers, not wanting their most marketable character to be owned in this fashion, did not release the film. After roundhouse kicking their heads off, Chuck Norris used their ribs to comb his beard.
Every time Chuck Norris flexes, someone dies.
If you masterbate while thinking of Chuck Norris, it is guaranteed to be 100 times more painful than usual. 
Chuck Norris knows where in the world Carmen Sandiego is.  He impregnated her with one swift punch to the ovaries, and she bore him a child.  We know him as Superman.
Just to prove how bad he was, Chuck Norris crucified himself, forced himself to die (because only Chuck Norris can kill Chuck Norris), kicked Satan in the gonads, and rose five minutes later.  Now he roundhouse kicks anyone that doesn't call his birthday Chuckmas.
Chuck Norris' first girlfriend gave him the nickname 7-11, being that he was 7 inches limp and 11 hard.  They broke up when he was 8.
Chuck Norris doesn't put his pants on one leg at a time. He roundhouse kicks into them.
Chuck Norris never takes his boots off, and one Thanksgiving roundhouse kicked his grandmother's dentures out for asking him to do so. When asked why, a steely-eyed Chuck answered, 
The Greek pronunciation of Chuck Norris is Zeus.
Chuck Norris created the Bering Strait by skullfucking the Earth into submission.
Somewhere, right now, Chuck Norris is plowing a woman he doesn't love.
The purpose of the hit counter at the bottom of your screen is actually how many times Chuck Norris has had sex with your mother.
Chuck Norris went to college on an affirmative action scholarship. Nobody objected. 
God will only remain in business as long as he continues paying protection money to Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris' mother tried to terminate her pregnancy, but Chuck Norris survived the operation through the sheer determination of his will.  
The real reason Stephen Hawking is in a Wheelchair is not because of ALS but because Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked him in the back for beating him in a spelling bee.
Chuck Norris will roundhouse kick anyone in the face if they're wearing red, just in case they're a Communist.
Chuck Norris is not ashamed of working for an infomercial, and he will scratch the eyes out of anyone who gives him shit.
Chuck Norris can play the bongo drums with his hands behind his back. He accomplishes this by leaning over them really close and flexing his pecs. The sweet rhythms he produces are the most potent form of aphrodisiac known to man.
The follicles in Chuck Norris's beard contain the active ingredient for defeating bad breath, ring-around-the-collar, and male pattern baldness. Rumour has it you can get some on the black market from a man covered in kung-fu-related bruising. A two-ounce bag costs enough to fund a small Latin American dictatorship for three months, and don't think for a second that this isn't really going on.
Chuck Norris was inspiration for all the characters in all of the Mortal Kombat games. Yes, even the female characters. But Chuck Norris did not use a knife on a rope as Scorpion does to do his 
Chuck Norris has an ongoing feud with the Keebler elves. It started when they stole his idea for putting a kitchen in a tree. While the elves now make subpar cookies in the tree, Chuck's tree contains a fully functioning crystal meth lab.
If Superman and the Flash were to race to the egde of space you know who would win:
In the year 2010, Chuck Norris' beard will be declared the 51st state.
Chuck Norris, every day for breakfast, consumes 8 to 10 gallons of crude oil as a supplement to milk. His only remark to the public regarding his nutrition plan was, 
Chuck Norris bemoans the fact the typical American is unaware that Walker Texas Ranger is an unscripted reality show.
Chuck Norris exisits only beacuse he kicked a man so hard that he flew back in time and fell in love with his mother.
Chuck Norris really has no beard, but rather uses adamantium whiskers that jolt out as a defense mechanism destroying all objects in a 2 mile radius. when asked if this hurts, he replies, 
Chuck Norris uses a hedgehog as a pillow.
Whilst paying a visit in Berlin, Chuck Norris paid a visit to the 
Chuck Norris is the only 100% effective form of contraceptive.
Chuck Norris was the original Master of the Universe until He-Man drugged him and stole his sword. Chuck Norris retaliated by raping She-ra with He-Man's dead carcass.
The final fight scene in The Way of the Dragon was not choreographed. Instead, Chuck Norris and Bruce Lee fought it out for real, culminating in Lee breaking Norris' neck.
In the epic poem Beowulf, Beowulf is based on Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris runs contrary to the Geneva Convention. However, in 1958 President Eisenhower persuaded the International Court of Human Rights to strike out that particular clause, on the grounds that Chuck Norris would kick all of their asses if they didn't.
Chuck Norris, Vin Diesel and Arnold Schwarzenegger have all died and are in Heaven. Each of them hope to occupy the seat next to God. God asks Vin Diesel why he thinks he should have the seat and Vin replies, 
Ron Jeremy decided to grow his mustache and get into porn after seeing Chuck Norris beat a women to death with his penis.
Chuck Norris violates all the laws of Science, God, Man and Nature in that he is both a pirate and a ninja, simultaneously.
Historians recently uncovered Norwegian scripts depicting Ragnarok not the fight between Odin and Loki, but actually Chuck Norris against Robotic Chuck Norris.
In the year 2003 Chuck Norris made a claim that he had in fact written every book on 14th century history. When asked how he could've physically been able to write this material from this period seeing as he was born in 1940, he replied with 
The Punisher used to hang out with Chuck Norris, back in the day, until Norris realised what a pussy the Punisher was. It was shortly after this that the Punisher started murdering criminals, but Chuck Norris still won't answer his phone calls.
The milkshake doesn't bring Chuck Norris to the yard.
As part of a social awareness campaign, Chuck Norris battled racism. He won, and though he jump-kicked racism right over the edge of a cliff, racism managed to survive. He's been holding back and biding his time for another chance at Norris.
On the weekends Chuck's favorite pastime happens to be going to retirement homes. Not to help out, but in fact to swallow the souls of the old. This is the reason why he has stayed at the physical age of 55 for the past 213 years.
Unlike William Wallace, Chuck Norris can shoot fireballs from his eyes and bolts of lightning from his arse.
Chuck Norris is the only one ever in history to stare Medusa straight in the eyes and not be turned to stone. The result was Roseanne Bar.
Chuck Norris does not, in fact, wear cowboy boots, or any other kind of shoes. This is because the skin of his feet and lower legs is already tougher than leather, and occasionally adopts a nifty snakeskin look besides.
Chuck Norris came up with an idea for the perfect video game character. He was an Italian plumber from who gained special powers from mushrooms and stars.  When he found out that Nintendo had beat him to the punch, Chuck Norris and Mothra destroyed a Nintendo factory.  Then Chuck turned on Mothra and ate him.
Chuck Norris defeated the Southern states of America single handedly in the civil war out of blind rage because the entire south called his beard gay. After he roundhoused kicked every southerner in the head he answered, 
Chuck Norris can bench-press a Buick. He doesn't like to, though, because it wrecks the transmission. For some reason he has no hesitation in doing curls with a Harley-Davidson.
The wood chuck didn't in fact chuck any wood because Chuck Norris kicked its ass for having the same name.
For Chuck Norris, pimping is easy.
Muhammed Ali used to say, 
The reason so many people watched Walker: Texas Ranger over the period of eight years was not because they actually enjoyed the show, but out of sheer respect for Chuck Norris.
One night Chuck was taking an extremely painful shit after eating some bad pork lo mein. The result was Jet Li.
Part of the reason Chuck Norris can kick so many people in the face before they block it is because his shadow holds them by the balls.
Chuck Norris puts paparazzi in his protein shakes.
Chuck Norris has a Wrangler belt in karate.
Chuck Norris once purchased a necklace that contained a single grain of rice with his name written on it. Unfortunately for him, he didn't notice the man who made it wrote 
Many people say that Chuck Norris eats babies. This is not true. Babies just want to be in Chuck Norris' stomach.
Walker Texas Ranger with Chuck Norris is the original reality-television show.
If a tree falls in the woods and no one is around to hear it, Chuck Norris will still be able to kick your ass.
In a hostile conversation between Chuck Norris and Vin Diesel, Chuck was quoted saying, 
Chuck Norris invented the word 
Chuck Norris won the brick yard four hundred without a car.
Chuck Norris is the sound of one hand clapping. 
Chuck Norris eats Viagra only so that he can have an extra loaded weapon on him at all times.
Chuck Norris was once held prisoner back in 'Nam. Chuck plucked a hair from his beard, picked a booger and combined them together to create a grenade launcher and killed every soldier in the prison. Once he was back in America he told his story at a bar. A desperate producer overheard his story and a light bulb lit up in his head. That night MacGyver was born.
Chuck Norris found Nemo.
Chuck Norris shot at 50 Cent 9 times, but didn't finsh him because he wanted to do it with a roundhouse kick to the face. But 50 Cent ran in horror.
Chuck Norris once juggled a soccer ball 2,357 times... with just his penis.
Chuck Norris can travel through time by running at 88 miles per hour.
Chuck Norris once roundhouse kicked a man into next week. He then roundhouse kicked himself into next week, so he could roundhouse the man another week forward.
Chuck Norris' family crest is a picture of a baracudda eating Neil Armstrong.
Few people are aware that Chuck Norris is the first person to ever be diagnosed with beard cancer. Upon hearing this, Chuck Norris quickly beat the cancer into remission with a series of roundhouse kicks and rabbit punches.
Prince initially called 
Chuck Norris started the ever popular beating someone's ass with their own shoe.
Chuck Norris can live without sex for 10 minutes.
Chuck Norris nearly choked Conan O'Brien to death with his own tie. When police questioned him he stated, 
Chuck Norris was the original model for Brawney paper towels. He gained this position by winning a competition to see who could beat a women well enough to intimidate her into a life of cleaning and servitude.
If you watch Walker-Texas Ranger closely, you'll notice that Chuck Norris only uses violence as a last resort, or when the world goes slo-mo.
Chuck Norris sheds his skin once a year.
In the 14th century Chuck Norris got so mad he roundhouse kicked a third of the population of Europe to death. He then forced the rest to blame it on rats or be kicked as well. This is now known as the Black Plague.
Chuck Norris once showed me a video of him making love to my wife, and it was the most beautiful thing I ever saw!
Chuck Norris has a 6th, and probably a 7th sense.
Chuck Norris was sent to the principal's office in fourth grade for roundhouse kicking his teacher to death... while bench pressing 5,000 lbs. and making fun of the foreign kid.
Chuck Norris created six extra letters of the alphabet that no one but Chuck Norris know about
When angered, Chuck Norris's core temperature rises to one million times that of the sun 
Did I ever tell you about the time Chuck Norris took me out to go get a drink with him? We go off looking for a bar and we can't find one. Finally Chuck Norris takes me to a vacant lot and says, 'Here we are.' We sat there for a year and a half and sure enough someone constructs a bar around us. The day they opened we ordered a shot, drank it, and then burned the place to the ground. Chuck Norris yelled over the roar of the flames, 'Always leave things the way you found em!'
Contrary to popular belief, Chuck Norris single-handedly ended World War II when he roundhouse kicked Hitler and Hirohito in the face and told them to stop the shit.
Chuck Norris' buddy icon is a picture of Tony Danza fellating himself.
The medical procedure known as a 
One time a group of evil ninja's hired by Vin Diesel cut off Chuck Norris' beard in his sleep because they heard it was the source of his ultimate power.  Norris hunted them down and killed them all with a single roundhouse kick.  He then used their blood to feed his genetically enhanced killer bees, which he wore as a replacement beard.
Chuck Norris drives an ice cream truck covered in human skulls.
If you count the number of individual spermatozoa your testes will produce in your lifetime, it's still less that the number of women that have achieved orgasm by running their hands through Chuck Norris's chest hair.
Chuck Norris managed to storm the beaches of Normandy in 1944, armed with only a potato peeler, and single handedly disemboweled over 5,000 German Nazi Soldiers.
Chuck Norris wrote the renowned 
Whenever Chuck Norris takes a dump in a public restroom he purposely hangs his butt over the side of the toilet bowl and does his duty all over the floor. He secretly hopes a korean janitor will have to clean it.
Whenever Chuck Norris makes a joke, the sound of an audience laughing comes out of nowhere. Chuck will then turn to you, smile, and give you two thumbs up. After that, everything freezes, even you are unable to move. The laughter then turns into music as credits begin to scroll down from thin air. Finally, your sight fades to black and there is nothing. When you regain your sight and mobility, Chuck Norris is nowhere to be found.
In Chuck's earlier years he was abled to not only do a roundhouse kick but he could do it with his legs tied to his hands and an asian glued to his chest.
Chuck Norris auditioned for the lead role in the origional 'Shaft', but was told he 
The only reason it is not called 
Chuck Norris has three birthdays a year.
Chuck Norris' case of the crabs is worth 5 million in the Chinese crabbing industry.
One time I was trapped on the roof of a burning building with no way down. I yelled, 
Extra long flight golf balls are filled with Chuck Norris' semen.
If you think Chuck Norris can't rape you anytime, anywhere then you are in for a rude awakening tomorrow.
Every morning, Chuck Norris is woken up by a beautiful supermodel. Chuck Norris, however, likes to sleep late, so he usually pushes the snooze button. (Chuck Norris defines 
Upon reading a fictitious story in his local tabloid, Chuck Norris ripped out the heart of its writer and used his blood to fertilize his lawn. To celebrate, Norris let Steven Seagal out of his cage and beat him mercilessly. Mr. T, who was also present, pitied the shit out of Segal. Norris then fucked your wife, and lit her body on fire using pure grain alcohol and bolts of lightning from his eyes.
The commercial says that after taking Viagra, if you have an erection lasting longer than four hours, you should see a doctor. Chuck Norris was too embarassed to go to the doctor, so he instead roundhouse kicked his own penis off and it became what is now known as Pikes Peak.
Chuck Norris once punched a hole in a cow just to see who was coming up the road.
As a youngster, Chuck Norris promised himself he wouldn't cry. Last year, his beloved mother died and a single tear fell out of his eye and down his cheek. He immediately roundhouse kicked himself for breaking his promise.
Chuck Norris' blood type is D.O.A.
Chuck Norris knows why men have nipples.
When the Incredible Hulk gets angry he transforms into Chuck Norris.
If Chuck Norris invites you over for tea and asks 
Chuck Norris was the first person to climb Mount Everest. Naked.
One day Chuck Norris went shopping and he had grabbed the last can of pea soup off the counter. Just then Steven Segal, Jean-Claude Van Damme, and Godzilla walked in and turned to Chuck Norris and said, 
Chuck Norris spread the belief that women do not take shits... I believe him.
Chuck Norris goes to the toilet once a month, if he needs to or not.
Chuck Norris once fed a starving Ethiopian boy a 12 course meal, then promptly sacrificed the boy to Satan in an effort to boost the ratings of Walker Texas Ranger.
Chuck Norris is the worlds best actor because his moustache is  the worlds best acting coach.
Chuck Norris once made love to a Sasquatch. This resulted in the birth of George W. Bush, and the Sasquatch contacting an incurable form of Syphillis, known as 
Chuck Norris has every copy of National Geographic in his basement. He also has the ability to lift every single one of them at once.
In his spare time, Chuck Norris breeds thoroughbred horses by manually inseminating the females with his own semen.
Chuck Norris once injested Pop Rocks while drinking Coke, and lived to tell about it. He then proceeded to bitch slap the Pope for saying how much Walker Texas Ranger sucked.
Chuck Norris began studying martial arts in preparation for his 10th High School reunion, at which he planned to 
In Indo-China, Chuck Norris' left testicle is worshiped as the God of Love, whereas his right testicle is viewed as fire breathing demon from hell.
If Chuck Norris had a dollar and you had a dollar, Chuck would kick your ass and take your dollar.
Chuck Norris has yet to die for your sins.
The role of Alf, from the hit 80's TV show of the same name was actually played by Chuck Norris' penis.
Moses did not receive the 10 Commandments from God, they were merely a stone that had been stuck in Chuck Norris' sandal.
Contrary to popular belief, Chuck Norris is in no way responsible for the advent of the computer era. However, he did invent silicon after winning a bet with Thelonious Monk by eating nothing but sand for forty days.
When Chuck Norris masturbates, a doorway to hell is opened, thus allowing demons to roam freely on the earth.
Chuck Norris was offered the role of Michael Knight in 80's TV Show Knight Rider, He turned it down however because he thought Kit was a dick.
To prove it isn't that big of a deal to beat cancer.  Chuck Norris smoked 15 cartons of cigarettes a day for 2 years and aquired 7 different kinds of cancer only to rid them from his body by flexing for 30 minutes. Beat that, Lance Armstrong.
Chuck Norris' Testicles are named 
Chuck Norris keeps a horde of trained bees under his beard to let loose at a moment's notice.
When Chuck Norris went to China he met Bruce Lee who wanted to see if Chuck Norris was as good a fighter as he had heard. When Chuck declined Bruce called him a pussy. Chuck responded by roundhouse kicking him in the face so hard that all Chinese peoples faces are flattened.
Chuck Norris never has to wait in line at the DMV.
There is a secret plot to clone the greatest Hollywood action movie stars in order to create an unbeatable army. The people behind this plot only need very small samples of DNA to work with. This is why so many action stars have very short haircuts, and some even go to the extent of shaving their heads to prevent the evil fiends from getting such a sample. Chuck Norris is the only one with the balls not only to grow his hair long, but also to cultivate facial hair. When he's feeling particularly cocky, he sends his toenail clippings to the evil syndicate's headquarters with a note: 
Rather than being birthed like a normal child, Chuck Norris instead decided to punch his way out of his mother's womb. Shortly thereafter he grew a beard.
Upon his birth during the ice age, Chuck Norris ate his own umbilical cord, thus proving he was destined to be badass forever.
Chuck was once in a Veit Cong prison camp but when they searched him and found his ID they let him go with their best bottle of Sake.
Chuck Norris invented video game violence for the sole reason of pissing off Democrats.
Chuck Norris will never fully be male nor female. Doctors once asked him which he preferred. He gave them an ad for a Total Gym.
If Chuck Norris had a dime for every man that didn't die from his roundhouse kick, he would have no dimes.
Chuck Norris feels no attraction to men or women, only to hyper intelligent shades of blue.
Chuck Norris has been in every porn video since 1985.
November 22nd, 1963: Chuck Norris was driving through Texas when a lone assassin sitting on a grassy gnoll inside a book suppository shot him in the face. After recovering from the face shot, Chuck Norris found the guy who did it and killed him with a roundhouse kick. This is why the death penalty is so strictly enforced in Texas today.

				
Chuck Norris just pissed your pants.
Chuck Norris would hit that.
Chuck Norris doesn't wear pants, instead he opted to have the design tattooed onto his lower body. Thus giving the skin tight look everybody loves, without hindering the successful completion of his roundhouse kick. Also, His belt buckle is a piercing.
Chuck Norris invented babies because he got tired of eating the same old thing.
Chuck Norris is currently working for Milf hunter. Watch out Moms.
It is common knowledge that there are three sides to the force: The Light Side, The Dark Side, and Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris once saved a cat from a tree, which was on fire, while being struck by lightning and bit by sharks at the same time.
The chief export of Chuck Norris is pain.
Whever Chuck Norris has an orgasm, a building explodes.
Chuck Norris is what happens when Bigfoot and the Yeti get drunk.
Chuck Norris recently parted the Red Sea, so he could win a bet with God. Chuck is now immortal and is currently debating with God that he could beat him in an arm wrestling match.
Chuck Norris once fought 43 midgets and a lion on Pay Per View. After slaughtering the midgets Chuck Norris could not destroy the lion since it was his biological father.
Chuck Norris began the Church of England in 1799, back when his nickname was 
Kryptonite only makes Chuck Norris stronger. This fact led to the now famous incident when he called Superman a 
Defying the greatest physicists of the time, Chuck Norris proved that the Earth is not the center of the Universe, but that in fact he is. To avoid suspicion, Chuck Norris now resides in the center of the Sun.
Chuck Norris was born covered in blood. Two minutes later, out came another dead fetus. Chuck Norris shares his birthday with no one.
Chuck Norris once created fusion to power his toaster.
Chuck Norris entered a $5,000 crossword puzzle contest. He won, and the word SLENT was added to all dictionaries as an acceptable synonym for smell.
Chuck Norris was the first redhead. Every other redhead in the world is the illegitimate child of Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris writes only in the first person because thats the only person that matters to anyone.
Chuck Norris punched out Einstein for stealing his ideas.
The British drive on the left side of the road, because Chuck Norris drives on the right.
When Chuck Norris laughs too hard while drinking milk, he accidently shits a cow.
Chuck Norris uses tabasco sauce as lubricant when masturbating.
As a child, Chuck Norris enjoyed long walks on the beach, particularly Iwo Jima and Normandy.
When Chuck Norris squints he sees at a sub-atomic level.
Chuck Norris has never been charged with murder, this is becuase the government realizes he is simply cleansing the gene pool.
Chuck Norris writes the script for the Conan O'Brien Show.
If Chuck Norris were an Olympic athlete, the Olympics would be canceled. Every four years they would just mail Chuck Norris his 237 gold medals.
Chuck Norris doesn't try, he succeeds.
If you lost your virginity, Chuck Norris probably has it.
The reason newborn babies cry is because they know they have just entered a world with Chuck Norris.
One of Chuck Norris's favorite movies is Titanic. When he saw it in the theater, he laughed heartily for the entire 3 hours, and continued laughing for 45 minutes after the credits rolled. 
Chuck Norris once defeated a laser beam in the 100 meter dash.
Remember the huge pile of crap in Jurassic Park?  It was actually left by Chuck Norris, who was on the set visiting some friends.
Chuck Norris once had a passionate affair with a turtle. The result was four sons named Leonardo, Donatello, Michaelangelo, and Raphael. Historians later invented some story about ooze and a talking rat because they felt it would be more believable.
Chuck Norris eats through his ass and craps out of his mouth.
Due to Chuck Norris's obsess with staring contests, he can never be allowed to look at a mirror.
Chuck Norris doesn't like your attitude, and there's nothing you can do about it.
Chuck Norris, Pope John Paul II, and Santa Claus walked into a bar. Only Chuck Norris left the bar.
Chuck Norris knows you're gay because you're not Chuck Norris.
The phrase 
Most men are okay with their wives fantasizing about Chuck Norris during sex, because they are doing the same thing.
If it looks like chicken, tastes like chicken, and feels like chicken but Chuck Norris says its beef, then it's fucking beef.
According to the Book of Revelations, the four Horsemen of the Apocalypse are War, Famine, Pestilence, and Death. This is because there was no Greek word for Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris speaks in 5.1 Dolby Digital Surround Sound.
Chuck Norris once kicked a carton of milk. The cow died instantly.
The San Andreas Fault has been blamed for most of Chuck Norris' farts.
Chuck Norris runs the mile in negative 6 seconds.
Chuck Norris can solve every geometry proof simply by writing 
Christopher Reeve didn't fall off that horse. Chuck Norris hates superman.
Chuck Norris has the ability to morph into many forms. How do you explain all the shark attacks each year?
The subway scene in 
Chuck Norris could stop racism if he wanted to.
Since Chuck Norris began speaking at high schools about teenage pregnancy, unplanned pregnancies are down 100%. He has planned every one.
Locks of Chuck Norris' mullet have been used for centuries in asian medicine and are the most potent aphrodisiac known on the planet.
The nuclear explosion at the end of 
There is no such thing as the sun.  The bright light you see when you look outside is Chuck Norris' smile after eating all the children at the local daycare center.
Stephen Hawking once tried to explain the history of time without talking about Chuck Norris. As a result, Stephen Hawking can't really talk anymore. Or move.
Nails wish they were as tough as Chuck Norris.
Peter Jackson initially wanted Chuck Norris to star in Lord of the Rings. Unfortunately, the entire trilogy would've been 12 hours shorter and full of dead hobbits.
Chuck Norris gave cats nine lives so he could kill them more.
Most people use 
Anything you can do Chuck Norris can do better.
Chuck Norris' only pick up line is him snapping his fingers, pointing at a girl, and then pointing to his bulge. Chuck Norris gets it all the time.